bring your
[Music]
bats Me With
Science you might have drugs in your
eyes She Blinded Me with SCI lady
Babylon bring you to the goddess
chromatic chronic snake people Something
Wicked This Way Comes come pro Co bottle
people form Black Sabbath red R
snake bending from her legs merry purple
fingers we a wizard with a tree limb
wand elect Mo shine bring the dawn
Global destruction player on the yo-yo I
live in the dream on the way of
medir do you know the mysteries of magic
walk across the skies Athena in the
boiling cauldron stir Darkness through
dreams hail Satan cracking whips to your
ears from my Do's lips poisonous kiss
black arrows hit them off Dragon Venom
lay you down in the Tall Grass it only
took one
drop you might have your eyes
she
science you might have drugs in your
eyes
she sence
lady Babylon it's so nice to have you
here at initiating apocalypse tonight
you and I are going to have the greatest
of times you know why because I have
brought you something new of course and
it's about time that we got it tonight
we're gonna find out that
Christianity is a drug using sex cult
fantastic now how are we going to do
this are we going to do it because we've
got ideas no I'm sorry my ideas aren't
so good they aren't so good which by the
way speaking of my
ideas um we're gonna have a Christmas
with almond this year everybody is
invited you're welcome to come in and
bring your family and gather around and
watch them and should be fantastic we're
going to visit Santa Claus I love it I
love it but we're going to also bring
Jesus I told you the necromancy is
powerful baby it's powerful we're going
to bring him back digging right up W
here you are Merry fraking Christmas are
you ready for this people after that
I'll get to my fights right I'm still
training for my fight fights oh it's
going to be fantastic I'm looking
forward to it I know people in the
congregation are looking forward to the
fights that are coming up Danny Jones
Danny
Jones by the way Danny sent me a tree it
was an upside down tree and I couldn't
figure out how to put it together so for
everybody out there who talks about CIA
or FBI or some other sacred force of
intelligence you got a realize I am not
in that group definitely definitely all
right now what am I going to bring you
by the way people keep asking me they
just keep asking me hey what is it with
all the people putting out all the
videos about
almond right and I try to tell people
this is something that happens
repeatedly people become Des desate when
they realize you don't have an argument
you just have evidence and the evidence
is
overwhelmingly terrible for Jesus and
his
people right tonight I'm going to show
you the true Cult of Christianity from
its
origin do you understand the true Cult
of Christianity and how am I going to do
that I'm not going to say a word I'm
going to bring you up a whole bunch of
sources and just translate them for you
just throw them out there so you can do
it everybody who's saying my God this
monster amen with these crazy ideas he's
oh I'm waiting for some kind of quasy
divine anointing of some Demon's anal
sack woo
it's gorgeous thank you people for
following I appreciate that the devil
says good
job it's the way it is you didn't think
it would this would involve mind
control thank you thank you here's the
lesson ladies and gentlemen you either
read the text or you
don't you think you've read these
sources you think you've read Homer you
haven't you think you've read the Bible
you
haven't either you do or you
don't and those who don't
fall they fall and that's just the way
it is the muse is
withdrawn do you see how that works it's
punishment ladies and gentlemen welcome
to cell block D let's get going with the
sources now I'm going to say some things
and what was I going to do I had some oh
I'll bring that up later for the sake of
the algorithm right I'll bring that up
later shuy and I are very happy by the
way thank you teddy again thank you for
the
music I need something Punk Teddy please
I need some punk I'm asking for Santa
Claus please I want some kind of Rich
Punk that's what I need okay
so anyway um that's what happens oh and
by the way hell's get you indeed by the
way people you all need to know and I
don't care I don't care if you don't
like this part right right be quiet and
sit
down for the satanic congregation that
is after my own heart um I'm proud to
bring you
these sources and just sprinkle them out
there for you to be able to access and I
encourage you to continue to cut
through cut through the fog right
provide a way for people to get from
point A to point B keep working people I
love it that's all I'm saying that's all
I'm saying satanic congregation hail
Satan ride fantastic bring us the punk
that's what we need where is Timmy where
is Timmy no you can't do it this early
oh God I can't help it people I'm sorry
I'm sorry Timmy come here come here
Timmy are you that brat Timmy are you
that brat you're on my back Timmy and I
want to hit you with a baseball
[Applause]
[Music]
bat a
tribute a
tribute what is that
is that Christmas with Satan is up right
exactly no that's the point right Timmy
will be here we'll get them we'll have
people in the poophole oh God we're
gonna love this man I'm gonna pull out
all the stops just for us to have a lot
of fun now in order to get there though
I've got to tell you all because I was
sitting there with Satan and he was like
did you tell him yet and I was like tell
him what yet and he's like oh my God
you're oh God what do I he looks around
for a minute you know I he does that
just to intimidate you you know what I
mean but then he says he's like look did
you tell them it was a sex cult and I
was like well you know we've been
working on it we've been working on it
and he said look this is not gonna this
is not going to fly you've got to take
them there right and so I was like I got
it I got it let's do these sources
tonight what I'm going to show you is
the origin of Christian
Christianity and we are going to follow
one of the uh uh uh
greatest unic love and apostles that
there were of the 12 of them right oh
God the boys of Galilee Are Back are you
ready for this which one of these people
are we going to look at tonight we're
going to look at the black Bibles
Phillip and people say what the hell is
the black Bible and I say stop don't say
it's what in hell not what the
hell oh my God the black Bible is the
parts of the Bible that they cut out
because they were some of them were just
too
naughty right just too naughty there
were Secrets when you have a mystery you
have to keep certain things
secret certain things secret well that's
what researching the mystery is all
about pulling back those secrets and
people we got a ton of text for this if
classes weren't so lazy and New
Testament Scholars weren't so damn
inept you would have all this
information we could have had this
hundreds of years
ago my God you let them take over your
written sources and when you did you
went backwards into a dark ages
right hail the coming Dark
Ages
fantastic let's go open up Chey I want
to go we're already there bring me this
Source who are you with you're with
Phillip you're with Phillip you're with
Phillip and um what we're g to be doing
tonight is we're going to be looking
we're going to be looking at his well
well an episode an episode of the
Apostle
Phillip that happened it was right after
he was with that unic boy do you
remember
that yeah I bet you don't now somebody
does is Ethiopian or CTIC some of the
churches will remember that unic boy
because Unix were big you know what I
mean especially
unic look there so many things you can
do with the unic in Antiquity but those
that are set aside for the sake of the
kingdom of God those are the best those
are the best man some of them are even
voluntary some of them are even
voluntary right this is Phillip we're
talking about he's with one of
these remember tiberious is buying these
on the
market right he's buying these on the
market
the fishies people you remember the
fishies now you know why Jesus is
raising his hand saying I'm not a lace
days right I'm not a lace Days by the
way for Christmas I got you a
present it's I'm going to give you a
hint yeah it's a beautiful beautiful
stone yes it is I love it I'm going to
bring it to you it's going to open your
eyes you're going to love it this is a
work that oh God it's as esoteric as
esoteric gets it is the highway to the
underworld it is
fantastic nobody reads these texts by
the way what's the difference between us
and them we read the text right we look
at the text right so we're at this
episode in Phillip's
life and you know he's gonna be doing
his evangelism and he's and he's gonna
go and Purge the demons and we're going
to see he's gonna Purge the Demons of
the wife of a very powerful
person and that's going to cause him
serious
problems and we get to watch what
happens when he gets caught oh it's God
you didn't want you didn't know what the
Christians were up to did you you didn't
know what they were up to this is Philip
people this is philli from the black
Bible yeah I'm gonna start at the end
like I always do you know what I
mean oh God this Tyrant he listened to
her words this is her husband and you
know what he did he grabbed her by the
hair of the head and he dragged her
kicking her while he was walking and he
was
saying it' be good to take you down to
get run through by a sword or you know
it's better it'd be good for me to watch
you to watch you do your acts of sex
with those damn
strangers who are
Magi I see I see
you I see you in a state of mania with
them performing the right
yeah oh God you know why you know what's
happened here we've got an angry
husband angry husband shows up anybody
ever have an angry husband you ever see
one of these wow I jumped out of a
window
once holy don't tell him that my God man
what kind of Scandal would you raise
with these people people yes very good
very good husband is upset because wife
has been converted in
quotes right you want to see some of
this now you're thinking Alan you are
making this more salacious than it is no
I'm going to show you the Greek text
that if you didn't see it right there
with the porating that's straight
straight open um having sex he's really
pissed because she's having sex with get
this get this are you ready you ready
this is this is so dirty it's the dirty
Bible Timmy shut up it's so okay it's
three people it's
Phillip
Bart and and
miam right yeah philli and Bart and
maram
oh God she's the one with a sexy name
right and what do these three do what do
they do when they get to a place they
sex it up and how do they do that they
break up
relationships with new
life yeah and this is a life that does
not
crave does not crave it is
satisfied are you ready for this oh God
I'd love to show you the Christian
rights right so by the way the locals
they don't like this stuff man they
don't like it remember I told you they
were throwing Jesus out of some City
Backwoods throwing oh God this guy's
lunatic throw them off the cliff right
you know how mad you have to get to want
to throw somebody off a
cliff right just met something dude did
something really wrong
same thing in this situation with
Phillip and Bart and Mary do you know
what happens do you know what happens
they sex up the wrong
people
yeah and they take them to punish
them oh and it is extravagant okay I
can't I we're GNA see the a kidna coming
up we're going to see the Aida give me
the next Source well when I say the
Akida everybody sits there and they go
just leave it everybody sits there and
they go oh my goodness is this myth no
it's
not right this is a temple to the Akida
who is the local
Divinity she who preserves Justice for
these
people
fantastic fantastic think of it as a
sexy cyan
sheriff and she is gorgeous oh my God
God from a horse she can kill you like
way far away you can be running a field
she can tag you oh God Death From Afar
sexy
religion did you know that sex and
religion were part of the same entity
did you know there is a
sexuality to your monism did you know
that there is a
sexuality you to the
mystery right you can see it with Jesus
and his crew a lot let's get into it um
what do they call these dirty
creeps uh you think about it when they
sent the APO when Jesus sent the
apostles out right and they all
scattered right went to their very
Sandry places to set down the biz of the
Ley right what did he do um it caused
problems says you know
bring
me these
damn
seducers these these Sorcerers bring me
and sorcerer is a bad you know oh God
that was a terrible trans Magi is not a
good translation um these are people who
use drugs to induce mental
States yeah whether for health or for
projecting your soul across Across the
Universe okay whatever right they're
using the drugs those are the Magus
right these guys know everything this is
what the Christians are being called by
the worshippers of
idna Isn't that cool Isn't that cool and
who is a kidna if you don't remember
maybe we have a kidy with us tonight
chewy do we have a kidy with us that's
great that's Fant fantastic just leave
her up there for a second who is a kidna
this is the Virgin who is half
Viper this is the Virgin who is half
Viper and you say oh I am scared yes
Timmy you should be afraid Timmy you
should be afraid things happen Timmy
we'll talk about it when you wake up
Timmy we'll talk about it it's for the
kingdom of God fantastic there is a
level of
administration with the temples that has
to do with not only political what you
and I would call political activity or
Justice right law enforcement those kind
of things but the temple is a place
where this
Priestess
speaks from the very
throne and where is that throne
the throne is the the place upon which
sits that
bachant do you understand it's the place
where the bachant sits do you follow the
C and way do you follow the cyan way all
right fantastic give me the next one
give me the next one hey there bacas
yeah nice gorgeous love the tats brother
love those tats right look at that
proportion wise people I've seen a lot
of statues a lot of statues from
Antiquity you know and um you got to
love the cut line that goes right above
those hips down you know what I mean a
little downward motion kind of right
there boom he's giving it to you he's
given that downward motion right to you
here's to you baby and he's cheering you
that's fantastic let's go back to these
dirty Christian sources people need to
see what really is an
epithet it's somebody who plots they are
an impostor but look at number two
people it's an official of a religious
Association do you understand that's
what they're
accusing these people of being the
Apostle of Jesus Phillip and
Bart and mam
right it's two dudes one dude at and
what do they do they are officials
within an
emerging
mystery fantastic it's got its own
eus yeah oh you didn't think that one
was title did you no you didn't it's a
name for
Joshua no it's not no not by far
fantastic fantastic welcome to the cult
people how do we get there we get there
through mother Greek we get there
through the language I've given you no
ideas I don't have ideas all I have is
this Greek and that's all I owe you are
these sources and you love it because
it's dope you want to see I know you're
sitting there maybe maybe very quietly
so your family doesn't hear you but I
know you're sitting there and you want
to see the sex in the cult of the
Christians with the apostles themselves
and where do you think they learned this
sex they learned it from Jesus
Christ Jesus Christ you know what that
says when I say Jesus Christ healer
dopehead healer
dopehead yeah well sprinkle in a little
magical healer dop head
fantastic where is the christing baby
nobody even knows you know what's
hilarious for 2,000 years people do you
realize this has been hidden this Chris
thing you didn't even know what it was
and I can take on I can take on any
anybody out there religious Scholars I
don't care classist I don't care I can
take them all along
nobody knew what a Christ
was are you kidding me are you kidding
me following a dude like that following
a dude do you see what I'm talking about
do you see look I know you're looking
kind of that way but do you see what you
what I'm talking about here devil change
your form chewy bring up this new one
the new one you know what I mean the
freaky one I want the freaky one cuz
we're going to about to get the sure
about to get the freaky information now
here's what I want to do back to the
cult so where where do we leave off in
our story where do we leave off in our
story we left off with this text telling
us that philli and Bart and Miriam get
into a lot of trouble they get into a
lot of trouble and let's watch them
let's watch the Christians get into
trouble let's let's see how it let's see
how it unfolds go ahead shy oh yeah look
at those faces oh my God it's almost
like there's something in the fire you
know what I mean watch this people yeah
uhhuh
bring bring those bastards right oh my
God and the people what happens the
people come together right and they go
to the house of
stos and St and what happens they take a
hold of the Apostle philli because they
heard he's like dude get out there
apprehend these guys go get them now and
his wife's like no right oh my sexy
because she's not GNA have sex with him
anymore no I'm serious no that's part of
the deal when you enter the cult you got
to vow a a vow of Chastity and that
Chastity is not to the dude who's giv it
to you Phillip and Miriam and Bart but
it's to the husband that you had they
call it relationship
dissolving right who calls it that the
Greeks this dude in the text he calls it
that that's what he's pissed about you
did this to my
wife I did I'm sorry I'm sorry but you
know how Aphrodite is you know the power
of
Attraction you know it's more powerful
than any Pastor priest or poet do you
understand oh God I would jump out of
that window
again let's get back to it I got lost
there I got lost there who do we have oh
there's some Christians there let's keep
going going next
one oh you're going to love this people
come on they don't have all night man
they're all getting ready for the week
no they got time they got time yeah um
yeah right they see they they uh
arrested philli and Bart next one they
arrested philli and Bart right because
the Dude ordered it he's like get out
there he's a freaking you know he's way
up there so here we go there's a pro
console involved here as well you love
it keep going oh is it just taking a
while to come up look into my eyes
people look into my eyes here we go um
oh yeah okay so here's what happens and
the proc
console seeing what was going on gets
really pissed and starts L he's like
chomping at the bit right and he says
torture those damn magicians who are
causing all the women
to enter into that
wandering and they're causing the young
boys to do the same and the young
girls and they're telling them this is
Thea this is righteousness when in fact
it
isma it is pollution do you remember the
BMA right oh God what is that stuff it's
that stuff you got to
Purge that is that
Abomination do you understand and in
order to purge
somebody um you have to perform an act
of
exorcism right you have to get those
demons out and those demons will come
out with
intercourse isn't it brilliant you can
see you can see the person sitting
around thinking this up for the first
time it must have been you know it's
probably when people were the Hut stage
you know probably some Roman at the hut
stage figured this out he's like oh my
God what a thing I've got going I'm just
gonna get all these people you know what
I mean I'm gonna Purge their demons you
know what I mean I'm about to show you
the words of philli himself who's
telling you
hey the devil's power the devil
power is in that
demon it's that
desire right overcoming
overwhelming sexy
desire that power you can't control it
breaks through any habit of any none
anywhere whether she's sleeping or awake
and yes it does it breaks
through thank you to the people who are
making videos because all you do is
enable
Nemesis I know you don't understand that
but you're doing a fantastic service
keep it up keep it up it's fantastic
love it love it oh God scandalous I
heard it's getting scandalous
all right go to the same Source we got
to finish that
off pay right a lol there's a little LOL
here stare to my eyes stare into my eyes
is there anything else coming up are we
um oh yeah there is um I don't know if
I'll talk about that yet though I know
but I'll be nice and say because look
people were taking it to them all right
it's out there the anote is out there
it's out there it's in the system and
it's circulating and they have no power
against it their only hope is to
slander this generation of
Liars who elected an orange
Hitler who loved the
LIE this generation of people all they
can do is slander when faced with the
just the evidence people just it's the
way of the Muse baby the sharpest arrow
is just the words of these people
themselves R bringing it right off the
page um so he says torture those jerks
you know what I mean they're causing the
kids to go out and do naughty
stuff
right and so he caused them to be
stripped naked get this okay here's the
scene they strip him naked
and then they beat him they did this to
Phillip and Bart and
Miram yeah after the beating right right
they ordered them to bind their feet and
they dragged them around the city
dragged them around the streets of the
city until they got to the
gate of the
temple and there was a big crowd there
gathered
together right and nobody stayed in
their house and they were all like a
gape just an amazement of these
people
right the
punishment is for a very very specific
reason do not lose sight of the fact
that the people are punishing a felony
do you understand the people are
punishing someone who is felonious so
when they beat
them and either throw them off a cliff
or kick them out of the city there's a
reason they're doing it in the stated
reason in this case with the Apostles of
Jesus Christ including priests
today is
abuse
abuse AB
abuse of
Children of Children you can almost say
when it comes to the boys of Galilee
that it is children abusing
children yeah do you know how many how
many how many how many of these kids do
we have how many Unix in the Bible how
many of these sex slaves running around
you know it's so prevalent that Jesus
Christ is yelling I'm not a sex
trafficker oh God right it's because he
got caught with a naked kid in a public
park at 400 a.m. do you understand and
there's kids passed out in the grass
there's young there's teenagers passed
out in the grass the ones that were
there to keep guard while Jesus went
into the interior with a naked kid do
you understand this is not an idea this
is the tech
text this is the text and the mons
cannot stand it they know it is the
antidote to
monism you want to follow Jesus follow
follow him all the way to his sick
depravity that's what you need you need
a no a dose of Jesus you need a big dose
of Jesus in the dark at 400 a.m. that's
what you
here we go let's go back you don't
believe me let's keep looking at the
text man keep hi Jesus oh who's this oh
God he's got the purple on baby he's got
the purple
on you know he's been in the cemeteries
you know what I mean every sees him
coming they're like oh Jesus save us
right now for those of you who thought
this was a fairy tale and poop he popped
into the page of history and there is J
Su and
he's it's because you have never read
the bible let me say this let me say
this is loud and clear leave that up
there but let me say this is loud and
clear as I possibly
can you've never read the
Bible
I only have
a handful of people that I personally
know who have actually read the Bible
who I have met in my
career right actual people who were able
to read the Bible not the people who
told you what it said not those people
right because those people are the
people who put up walls and say this is
not that and we're going to have ideas
and sell books' and they go out and
perform their
broy for the
public that stuff is not respected in
the Underworld it's not respected all
right oh God oh
God so
the
proconsul
tortured the Saints
right oh God and he ordered them to lead
them give me the next one they you know
they're taking them through a system of
justice right it's the same thing you
see with Jesus right when the crime
people you've got to understand the
crime so he ordered them to be confined
in the temple of the image of the Akida
that is where the image was housed right
he wanted them conf finded and taken to
the priests of the
kidna out of
her right who who is she she is the
oracular Priestess who administers
Justice do you understand Fantastic look
we get a front seat isn't this cool this
could make a great scene for some crazy
movie right um but you could film it
like a
documentary because we're just looking
at what they're saying is
happening right now one thing we're g to
find out what else did the Christians do
they didn't just go around and seduce
people right and make little sax Cults
and get people
stoned and kill people when they
accidentally took the communion without
anybody else looking without the proper
preparation an antidote right and they
end up paralyzed or something right
they're not just doing that
stuff
right um they are
also traveling and setting down systems
or
businesses that can function beyond
their presence there do you understand
so it's like they get to plant these
businesses
and there's there's uh money coming in
right they're liquidating property
Gathering it together it's a it's a
growth on society and these followers of
the kidna they're not going to have
anything to do with it but philli did
something he did something he killed a
bunch of dragons he killed a bunch of
dragons oh God you know why they hate
those poison wielding Magi so much do
you know why they hate them because
they're dangerous they're exceptionally
dangerous one of those people comes in
people start showing up dead
mysteriously
dead right you don't touch them you
touch their garments right you just
touch their garments you're going to get
whatever the hell it is that they're
using into your
system right now next thing you know
going to be one of the Wolves going to
be one of the wolves and they're
particular about it they'll turn around
did you see Jesus turn around and tell
the person who touched
me yeah it was the same tone of voice he
used with his mother when he said what
the hell do you
want oh you didn't know Jesus said that
oh yeah no he's a total douche to his
mommy total total oh God which is so
ironic that's the funny thing
the way he talks to her is completely
contradictory to the Mary oh mother oh
did I just make fun of Mary the Mother
of God yes because she's a figment of
your monest
imagination isn't that fantastic it's
gorgeous no the real Mary very different
historical story very different
Priestess of the temple purple
fingers right f Jesus
Christ that was her
attitude yeah but she was hearing she
was hearing the
voices right and you say wait a minute
she was
schizophrenic
no no she was hearing the voices just
like all of them were through the drugs
do you remember who these people are
they're prophets they're prophets give
me the next one chewy we need to go for
or did you get the pick up in okay let's
look people you need some sexy material
let's give it to you I'm working you up
with the profits and who these people
are this is going to be a quick two that
we're going to switch back and forward
to you know I wish we could do I wish we
could blow it up um big enough down here
oh isn't that gorgeous look at oh it's
not up there anymore look I'm behind
everybody in time now here's the text
here we go people
oh God so when he closed them up in the
temple of the Akida right philli right
the Apostle Bartholomew and Miriam right
they were all enclosed when they were in
the temple the priests of the Akida came
together right for this very purpose and
also a crowd of people the purpose of
judging them right for figuring out
what's the Justice here right and a big
crowd comes how many people he hel oh
God
7,000
7,000 right 7,000 and what are they
doing they're coming together and their
rockist people are shouting they're
shouting and what are they asking for
their Their audience of course will be
the proc Consul because he's in charge
right right there's they they want him
and they're going to go through the
Akida to get it do you understand
because he's there the she's there okay
tell us tell us lady Akida what do we do
what do we do with these people remember
these people murdered somebody who was
our
friend they murdered a whole bunch of
people you say what you say what
remember they all have the power to
Blind did everybody remember that we got
to see them people don't
want you to know that in your Christian
history the apostles had the power to
blind
people yes and they exercised that it
really shook people up man really shook
people
up the Magi are the ones who have all of
the knowledge in drugs for those of you
who don't no they're the most advanced
in the use of drugs their school was
founded by the chief
Queen of the pharmacy and that's
media right she's the one who started
their whole fraking order yeah it was an
Aryan thing it was an Aryan thing don't
get excited all you Nazis ride sit down
I would I would give you a threat
crashing with this whip Nazi
scum but right no and why can I say that
how can I say Nazi scum so forth because
I know millions of dead
people I know millions of them and they
were
sent to where they currently
are by
Nazis death marching death bringing
Nazis do you know what's coming your way
do you know what's coming I have one
message tonight for America hail Satan
love him look somebody get him a napkin
um what is coming up people this is part
of the excitement of this season if you
don't mind me saying in satanic
congregation please chime in chime in
there but we are coming in America in
America right we are coming
to a point of
Darkness to a place that we weren't
we've never been um our the greatest
Generation didn't get there because the
greatest Generation fought this off yeah
it fought it off and if you'd read some
classical literature you'll find that
these tyrants are a part of the system
it's not you it's not that democracy
automatically stops the Tyrant from
rising it is the work of the Democracy
to keep that Tyrant from rising and when
that Tyrant is
chosen when that Tyrant is elevated
democratically then what you have is
Nemesis you sacrificed Justice we all
know it nothing is just anymore
everybody everybody gets pardoned for
everything and we're going to bring
charges against people now who are
bringing charges against us we're going
to fight off the Justice let me just say
one thing let me just say one
thing I
think Dick
Cheney should be a
proud father like none in American
history he is going to
watch his own
daughter be sacrificed for the sake of
Liberty yeah yeah she stood in the
breach
Liz I commend your sexiness I commend
your sexiness Liz and if I could swoop
in Liz and carry you off to a high
Mountaintop I
would but your
fate your fate is
beautiful and I stand in honor Liz of
you
I stand in honor and watch your
sacrifice it's a sacrifice to Liberty
right it was the light being put out
right before the darkness I can't wait
people I can't wait people are saying
why is he talking about shut up it's
called
polya and the devil runs this place the
devil runs this place who do you think
gets the kingdoms to whoever he wants
do you think my interest was in the
devil did you know he has a sister oh my
God I shouldn't have said it I shouldn't
have said it hurry up he won't get this
until later give me the give me the next
one
boom what is oh
God yeah did we finish the last one I
don't know let's see I don't know let's
keep going
though hello
you ax of Phillip look I put the a of
Philip there at the top just so you'd
know you'd know where it is if you want
to find this you know what I mean and
and do it yourself now what is the crime
he's talking about those bad dealings
right we okay remember we're assembled
here with the thousands of people
standing before the kidna we got the
proc Consul and what's happening this
dude Phillip and his complice Bart and
his other accomplice Miriam they're out
there doing these things what is the
evil that they're
doing well first of all he says they
killed the oace they killed the serpents
killed hold up Tre they killed the
serpents which ones the ones who were
the direct descendants of the Goddess
herself right our goddess they're her
direct
descendants okay okay and what did they
do they closed up the temple
yeah and they made it so that the altar
was
ineffective yeah and okay okay and you
know we thought the wine would be there
right because this is the wine that the
Akida herself drinks in order to enter
into the state of
dreaming do you understand if you
haven't been in a Christian cult then
you don't know about the drugs you don't
know about the Ecstasy you don't know
about the visions and the angels and the
levels of Heaven you don't know
that let's get through this one what did
they do these nasty
people they stopped the temple worship
and wait this is the really
incriminating can you pull down the
banner yeah blow it up fantastic that's
okay um so I just want to be very very
clear with you right he says this
directly he says if you want to
know right that these people are actual
Magi look at what they did oh what
happened it just popped out was that a
did I
have something happened in my brain
and we changed there we go I thought I
was hallucinating people wow I got to
cut off the Rock and
mint that mint is fantastic you know
what I
mean here we go are you ready back to it
if you want to know how much these
people these Apostles are really Magi I
want you to look right what did they
what did they do to us I want you to
look at how they wanted
to Meli us they wanted to Meli us what
is that that is to act the act of the
Magus that is to bring those
drugs do you understand to bring those
drugs and what did they want us to do
they told us you know you got to live in
Chasity and Holiness and what is the
chastity
right that is a separation from you and
your current spouse
Oro yeah fantastic and what do they want
you to do they want you to trust just
trust in God and how else did they show
themselves to be
Magi yeah I want you to see how they
came to the city and how the
dragons how the dragons didn't blind
them or cause any problem problem and
why because the dragons know the magic
too right they know that do you know
they have a toxin that'll cause you to
be blind
instantly fantastic and it's not one
toxin it's a whole
bunch right somebody was asking me about
the
filtering you've got to realize they're
using the human body is a processing
vehicle for the communion the communion
that you're talking about is from the
body it is the blood or the Hima or the
seed as we're about to see it oh did I
fail to warn you tonight people Splash
bags out because we're gonna see the
seed of guess who the
devil devil seed oh God you better bring
two Splash bags
fantastic give me the blow that
up okay where were we so the dragons
didn't get give them any any sort of
problem right and not only that but the
dragons didn't drink their
blood yeah um isn't this gorgeous these
are the dragons that serve the
temple do you understand they're usually
up to guarding things right personal
bodyguards or guarding
relics right the Medusa or the strictly
those powerful agents of Justice who
were the temple
Guardians all right so they make up
bodies of bodyguards for the temple
priestesses who are oracular and need to
be protected and they all have a drug
knowledge and you see this with media
you see this with media do you
understand she has that same troop with
her same function doing the same thing
it's like a personal bodyguard but
they're also
administrators so yeah fantastic here we
are we're love it's lovely to see the
Justice being executed you thought
Justice was a man thing now remember
this is all
Athena and you will sit there and say oh
patriarchy matriarchy stop
focusing on your stupid isms and your
beliefs and your systems that allow you
to sell books somebody was talking to me
I got to talk about this and then we'll
go back to the source somebody was
talking to me Consulting with
me about a
story right and in the story is it's all
the question of whether something has
been forged or is
legitimate and right near the end one of
the great
Scholars I think this person was from
Harvard
says well Jesus was speaking Aramaic of
course um what excuse me did you know
that Jesus Christ never quotes anything
but
Greek did you know that yeah PGM Greek
too all that stuff on the cross that's
part of their magic text tradition
remember what Paul told people to do
throw out your magic text he's a
reformer bro but that's what
Christianity was Bas
in was that
Magic right fantastic I love it I love
those little detours little detours um
yeah so Aramaic no right that's a that's
what Biblical Scholars just come up with
ideas he must have really what's your
proof um do you have a bunch of Aramaic
texts or something do you have anything
I don't know AIC medicine do you have
anything like that do you have anything
that's circulating at the time that
would give Jesus a reason to be using
aramic oh you don't um but we know that
he's not only speaking fluent Greek
which he would have gotten from
Alexandria or Northern
Egypt right and what is he doing what is
he doing he's quoting Greek Jesus never
quotes a Hebrew scripture they don't
exist they don't exist he quotes Greek
the Greek exists it's real people I'm
telling you it's tangible it's real the
texts are real fantastic and you say
wait a minute that thing carved into the
Rock is an Alf Yad and that's the
Yahoo
no and don't put any theories in my
mouth right the fact is people the the
real breakthrough is that there is a
fraud in history
and you are living under the shadow of
that
fraud these texts are not there is no
Hebrew it's gone if it ever was it's
gone yeah and we're back translating
bunch of
lunatics right bunch of lunatics back
translating Greek texts into a language
that you can't find anywhere else and
you say oh we found some trinkets with
some signs this we know it's got to
seriously seriously hundreds of
thousands of Greek sources are you
kidding me and you're talking about
trets people the wool the wool over the
eyes these texts show them they show
them the things that they don't want to
admit that's why these are banned this
is a ban book I'm reading to you tonight
I hope you like it I hope you like it
okay let's look people have things to do
Chey let's get on with time here give
bring me up that Source next one I think
I was on to the next one let's
go let's go here it
comes oh
fantastic it is so so good to bring you
these sources if I could only see them
my Schwin M I just want you to see what
does this really mean to be a
marus right no that's the basic def okay
do we know what that means ah we're
stretching it right or maybe skilled and
mag and lore and they don't mean like
gossip or they don't mean like something
you know this is not entertainment right
this is not from the page of the
magazine or whatever that's old Tech but
you know what I mean this is not that
this is the use of certain Arts but look
at the only specific ones that we
actually get filters oh God finally
finally
something
something concrete and real you know
what a filter is it's a drug to make you
sexy right to make you
aroused to make you
aroused right and not just from One
Direction but in a cosmic sense of oh my
God blowing my mind I'm blowing my mind
aroused I'm entering into a state of
being that's beyond
me if you'll
notice the dragons that they killed they
ultimately killed they didn't try
anything with them they didn't harm them
they allowed them to enter the city and
what happens they didn't even drink your
blood bro right let's watch Jesus can we
watch Jesus a little bit what is this
drinking of blood in this communion this
is revelation
166 because the blood of the Holy and
the prophets they poured out it sounds
so much better backwards right and the
blood
right right what do they do with the
blood this says they drink the blood the
blood is given them to to
drink why cuz they're
worthy they're worthy do you
understand next one who is full of the
blood of the Holy who is full of the
blood of the Holy give it to me give it
to me eat my flesh and drink my blood
who is full of the blood of the Holy I
saw a
woman
intoxicated from the blood
of the
Holy and from the blood of the witnesses
of Jesus the witnessing power of the
blood boom is transferred to the
individual who was under the
administration of the Akida she who is
half girl half Viper
isn't this gorgeous look at the level of
sophistication pharmacologically in this
these people right these people people
now for everybody who says wait wait
right and these are the people that we
hit along the way here and they're kind
of just roadkill right the all those
people who were like oh they didn't have
recreational drugs they didn't have
recreational
drugs do you
understand they want you the monaster
want you they want to reach into your
brain did you hear that did I say brain
that was strange they reach into your
brain and what do they do they isolate
just like they do their own tax they
isolate and
propagandize and that's how you can get
somebody to leave their home to leave
their
spouse right and to
copulate with someone else right you
think no wait a minute takes a lot less
than that right takes a lot less than
that no there is a skill to the Aeros of
Seduction and if you forget in the Greek
that's exactly what he called Phillip a
Seducer Miriam is a Seducer Bart is a
Seducer do you understand why do you
think Jesus is picking from among the
ripened ages why do you think he's
getting kids off the boats teenagers off
the boats of their parents and saying
you want to follow me yeah I'll make you
Fishers of people yeah of dudes are you
ready are you ready I'm GNA show you I'm
gonna show you dudes and
dud we we've got Temple prostitutes all
over the place people we've got Temple
prostit
it's and when I say prostitute I don't
mean an adult okay I'm sorry but that's
what's coming through the
Greek now you understand why when Jesus
gets arrested in a public park before
him he's
screaming I'm not one of these child
traffickers right somebody's got to send
tiberious his virgins my God man even
the Sphinx was involved in that
everybody looks at the Sphinx and
they're like oh it's such a mystery now
it's not the Sphinx is all over the
place in Greek literature why don't you
check out what they said about her yeah
they even have a pot with the Sphinx
edus is jerking off in front of
her
yes
why I told you it's the seed of the
devil I told you how do you think you
answer the riddle you think this
knowledge is just going to sit around
jump out of a crack somewhere
no you got to go through
her right
Sphinx right and by the way for the
person who threatened me yes you know
who you are you know who you are there's
several but for the person who
threatened me directly yeah you can suck
it you can suck it do you think I'm
afraid do you think I'm
afraid I'm not afraid of you
yes you can't threaten people right you
can't threaten people you just can't do
it why because there's an automatic
defense to that I would love it I would
love it if you
morons were able to get something going
I would love it if in actuality you
could do something to send us straight
back to the Dark Ages I would love it
because they'll build a statue to alen
in the future yeah when all of your
stupid merchandising is withered and
dried they'll build a statue to almond
why because it's the statute of the Muse
one of the things that we're doing here
by not
monetizing by not entering into a
business relationship with YouTube one
of the things that we're doing is
preserving our
integrity we're preserving our integrity
and that's the bottom line line that's
the bottom line it's why we can't be a
cult it's why we can never be a cult we
have to be on the straight up we have to
just be about the evidence devil doesn't
want any ideas devil doesn't want any
ideas or theories he don't want to buy
your books he doesn't give anything for
any of
that but if you want that water do you
remember the water that we saw
what was that water what do they call it
they called it Zoe's water they called
it Zoe's water if you want Zoe's water
yeah do you know what it can do I'm
bringing you a birthday present okay I
told you it's a stone right it's a
stone gorgeous gorgeous
Stone it's a text that reads the
prophetic it's a text that has a dark
matter to it a dark matter that reads
the prophetic into the fabric of your
Quantum fraking existence and I've
brought it for you it's wonderful it's
wonderful I love it I love it right and
I think you'll love it too and I'm
working very diligently on it right
because this is Arcane Greek this is
purely
Arcane Greek and it is so it is it's
it's un fair to call it
esoteric right it's totally unfair
that's like you know it doesn't you know
it's
Atomic this is atomic we're at that
level right something
something these people right a bunch of
Smarties makes me feel so
stupid when I read this Arcane Greek
trying to just trying to figure out God
where is your mind where are you going
show me the IM Images Oh and it comes
out and it's like oh yeah baby it's
yummy you're going to see the drugs and
there's a lot of naughtiness there's a
lot of naughtiness it turns out we all
get bananana into
existence
yeah love it what's the power that
defeats Christianity he's about to tell
us in the text are you ready and now
that was a hook for those of you who are
about to bail because it's been too long
what is the power that defeats
Christianity I'm going to show you it
says it in the text right straight up in
the text give it to me give it to me
yeah give me some of that oh love that
black Ram baby he's christed does
everybody see the christed Ram oh God
he's got the purple nice job
chewy nice
job do these people get around
these worshippers of a
kidna yeah they got around so much so
that it bothered Jesus and he started
calling them a Generation of
Vipers right now these are his political
enemies right that he is equating with a
competing
mystery right it's just one of the
Mysteries that's around around and
established and Jesus Christ is is just
following that same Paradigm of mystery
religion and he's rubbing up against it
with some of his political enemies you
can see how much they don't like they
don't like the the whole kid of worship
they don't like that right so Jesus
throws this against his enemy and he
says look you know you're from these
aidai right this is you
baby this is you
yeah that stuff that comes out of your
mouth baby it's just that it's just that
excrement it's just that freaking
excrement oh you don't see that in the
text right because you're not reading
you're reading these crap
translations right oh God God you can't
even say anything right you can't even
do anything or say anything right give
it to
me next one
this is the generation go ahead and Skip
to that one because we're going to go to
that one right away go ahead flick on it
by the time it gets to us it'll be new
um people you're
perverts you are perverts do you
understand and you are
controlled by the source that brings us
life everything not just us right but
everything right everything and what is
your world going to be full of it's
going to be full of pollution AB
abominable stuff baby it's going to be
full of this and this is the stuff that
the mystery is going to purge that's why
if you're with me and I am philli or
Bart or Miriam we will take care of you
through this sexual Congress you
must s not to be involved with your
previous spouse do you understand you
understand we will purify you this is a
whole mystery process people I'm just
showing
you how the mystery is working and when
you when you actually look into
Christianity through the text you see
that it's doing the very same thing
right is the other Mysteries give me the
next one let's just step it up here
people need dirtiness pretty quick here
and I know I don't know maybe it's the
time of year is it the time is it the
season for dirtiness I don't know CRA
there's a lot of Christian dirtiness
right remember what are the Romans doing
this time they're arresting Christians
left and right not for what you think
leave it up not what for what you think
but for sex
crimes sex crimes did you know that the
fairy tale will tell you oh they put
them in there because they were
Christians no they're squabbling back
and forth about how exactly if they're
not presenting any sort of insurrection
type activity then we we don't care
right what are the ones getting
arrested for and then put to death those
people they're in big
congregations of
incestuous
orgies moms and sons and daughters and
Grandpa do you
understand there's a re reason that the
early Christians are women and
slaves there's a reason for that and
it's far more technical than you
recognize because there are women who
have to run the
drugs didn't anybody wonder why Lydia is
in charge of a giant drug Empire right
my God man she's the one who's sending
Paul from place to place right he takes
out her samples with him you know what I
mean f fantastic dude is totally IMM
here we go this text here we go answer
said there oh so here this is okay this
is a woman who has been involved with
Phillip right and the crew right she's
one of these who's sworn off right and
she says to her husband she says oh
Tyrant because this is the guy who's got
a lot of power right stop being a tyrant
she says yeah stop being a tyrant
and leave off your wickedness this is
the wife talking talking again right and
what does she say leave behind this life
that is
opportune right put aside all your wild
dirty
knowledge flee the
dragon the dragon who's
sharp who is
that knife blade of
sexual
desire throw away the works this is the
tool of this man slaying
serpent these are the ways of the
enemy this is that dark power do you
understand give me the next
one the
sex the sex is that dark power that epia
did we we didn't no okay okay so this is
what she said to him right this is how
she's trying to convince him right that
everything should be great um so this is
how she spoke and then the Apostle
Phillip he prayed he prayed to God for
her right and at the same time for Bart
right and for Miriam he prayed for them
and for those other people who were with
them and he says what he says the
lifegiver the one who raises who makes
the Dead Alive oh Christ
Jesus desperate what do you call Jesus A
desperate nobody's ever made a picture
of Jesus the
desperate right he always looks like
he's ill or maybe he's
anemic right we need Jesus the desperate
because that's who he is here and what
does he do um he's the one who has freed
us through this baptism and what has he
freed us from he's freed us from the
slavery of death do you see what they're
describing they're describing the right
people when I say this mystery is the
consumption of death inducing
drugs and the
resurrection right for the sake of
acquiring vision and new
life right the ability to be born again
that this right right through Jesus the
one we call Jesus frees us from that
slavery of death same thing was being
said by the Romans who were being
initiated on the Greek side through the
alisan Mysteries they're saying the same
thing right this is the thing that takes
away your fear of death that power is
gone you were no longer a servant to
death imagine right now if I told you
there's a process that I can take you
through right and within a matter of
hours I can send you somewhere and bring
you back and you will have an
understanding of a new life that You'
never were aware of before you will live
your life differently you will live your
life completely differently and you will
say oh I wish that I'd known about this
process when I was a kid why is it it's
a medical process none of us have been
purified and that's why a
majority will vote for somebody who
likes Adolf
Hitler there's a lot of dead people a
lot of dead people waiting for you to
get what's coming America the greatest
Generation you didn't listen to them you
didn't listen to the general you didn't
listen to Justice and you didn't listen
to the General and what
[Music]
happened Nemesis it's gorgeous isn't it
right it's gorgeous don't worry people
that's exactly what we want exactly what
we want because that Nemesis is reality
when you got to look at yourself in
1946 and say what the hell were we
doing yeah why didn't we stop it and all
the generations that follow follow you
look on you and you saywell I didn't
promote it yeah you didn't stop it
either yeah fantastic that's the ram
that's the ram right there baby what's
written on that fleece you know what's
written on the fleece this Dragon that's
guarded by the dragon yeah it's the
Antichrist I'd love it I'd love it it's
gorgeous it's gorgeous look at her look
at
her mhm now what I'm wondering is is all
the stuff that she's crising herself
with the medwa right or the med wanasa
if you want to go back to the back to
the Linear B back to the back to the
place where we're we have the birth of
this Tech um yeah that's what you have
to do that's what she has to do oh God
it's gorgeous give me the next give me
the next Let's Dance through a couple of
these These are look people I'm just
going to like a museum I'm just going to
promp him up here I'm not gonna try to
do anything but but just give you the
original watch this here's a great
source give it to me hello are you
there you know what I could take a break
too I
go I could go over there look what
people tolerate I I want to thank you st
tenant congregation for tolerating this
uh
this this Tech right I appreciate it
look it it's still there it is look it
took all that time can you believe the
delay what did they I think I'm walking
on the information Highway please don't
hit me with your cars right because I'm
pretty sure I'm walking um okay and what
happens everybody gets sent away and
they say am man right oh God these
people love this crazy magic right
that's a magic term
aain right say my name baby right
they're Ong with the Apostle philli look
the the leader comes along the husband
of of this woman that Philip has seduced
into this cult and what is he like oh
this is gorgeous he's like a horse that
hasn't yet been
broken right a horse that hasn't I love
that and what does he do oh God he puts
his hands on her clothes yeah right
grabs he grabs his his wife who's now
entered into this cult and he shouts out
says oh
NAA oh God God what are you doing
getting into other people's beds give me
the next one yeah give me the next one
it's gonna get it's gonna get a little
graphic are you ready right I mean you
can imagine he's worked up right he's
worked up you come home and your your
spouse has joined a cult and says they
can't have sex with you anymore that's
not drive anybody crazy you know what I
mean like you you want you want to you
know you want to stir some things up
here so in traditional satanic fashion
I've gone completely backwards I left
you on a cliff there and are you ready
so um this is that little story where
they ended up in
aotus and what is aotus well some people
say some people say it's you know some
kind of philistine City some kind of you
know I don't know um something along the
coast right and how do we know what
happened this is before he goes up
cesaria listen what has happened um
philli was with a unic boy I'll just cut
to the chase okay Philip's with a unic
kid he um this is before he's with the
wife of the dude and he's with the unic
kid and the he says hey let's get
baptized right he's doing the John thing
he's taking his boy scout right and he's
baptizing him right and everybody knows
what the baptism is right everybody
knows what it does right he's doing it
with the boy well when they do it the
boy turns around for a second unic and
the dude runs off that's it he's gone
now a lot of Christians will say this is
magical right and miraculous he just
poof he just disappeared he ran that's
not what the text say right the text
says um they got into to it in the river
and then bam the did just he's
gone he's gone and he didn't come out he
didn't he he didn't you know nobody he
didn't they didn't see him after that he
was gone so the unic boy just goes on
right he just goes on his way right
that's how it is do you understand you
thought this was somebody traveling
somewhere for some kind of summer
vacation or something and you thought
hey what are they in the same freaking
station wagon what are you talking about
out this is a dude who meets a
unic for a
baptism and every Roman
knows those Baptists carry weum prum the
cups the cups that are shaped like
fallaces everybody
knows when when you're getting
baptized somebody's going to be around
who cut off their
testicles it's for the kingom of
Heaven do you understand I told you
people this is all there there's entire
church Traditions built up on this
prostitute yeah yeah let's call it what
it is they
did okay give me the text right we're
looking for the one that says hey
they're doing the dirty together right
and the Christians and this is the
problem people now you see why the
Christians didn't want this as part of
their Canon what is a Canon it's a core
group of works that you can swear are
the words of God and everything else is
BS now nobody does that in
history except for monis
and it's very
destructive right this is what people
who burn books I just want you to see
here people the name at the top of the
page is dianis the name of the top is
dianis and I want you to see he's gonna
proceed as your pomos soos he's going to
proceed as your
savior he's going to proceed as your
savior it is hilarious to me that there
is there is a field emerging of studies
of people saying wait a minute something
is going on with the right something is
going well there may be a connection
between bakas you oh
God oh God it's it's so
aggravating so
aggravating so aggravating people what
is the sortos here I just want you to
see it's a cult term that is used to
express a path of safety an individual
who will save something that's
responsible for your
safety and well-being this is a cult
term drugs have salvation do you know
what you
call the power of a drug and when I say
drug I mean compound I don't mean simple
do you know what you call the power of a
drug
it's
gospel it's
gospel both aelion and EP angelion both
of
them right they are the powers that can
bring you to Salvation you didn't see
the drugs in Christianity you didn't see
the prostitutes in Christianity you
didn't understand why Jesus Christ was
arrested in a public park yelling I am
not a child trafficker you didn't see it
because you have never read the Bible or
any of these Greek sources you've never
done it wake up wake up wake
up give me the last one sh I think I'm
going to cut to the I'm going to cut to
the
end second to last okay okay look I do
everything chewy tells me to isn't that
no I do seriously and it's the only way
that the ship doesn't sink you know what
I mean oh God what do you need to do you
need to be faithful and you need to be
holy and good not being tricky at all
and you need to flee from the dragon
Satan people look at the third line do
you want to know who the dragon is it's
Satan and satanus is a Greek word it's a
Greek word it needs no derivation from a
language that has no
literature it is a Greek
word and what happened what happened oh
oh God
ex keep away from yourselves the P out
Sperma that nasty Sperma I think you can
hear what the Sperma is I don't think I
need to tell you what Sperma
is what is the
Sperma of the de devil it is
epia
epia epia it is sexual desire wait minut
what let me say it again ready all your
nerds out there figure this out the sea
oops I because I said nerd were we out
oh we're good all right fine um sorry I
thought the nerd God jumped out there
and got angry sorry I I give you all of
your space god of
nerdiness great great dorkiness here we
go are you ready
um yeah so you're going to be faithful
and holy and all that right you're going
to flee from the seed of the Dragon
which is that
desire do you know what the cop of Lady
Babylon is it says it is her porna it is
that dirty dirty
percious seed it is that seed of fire
that will open up your mind do you know
why you're here do you know why you're
here you're here to find that you're
here to find that seed of fire that cup
of
porna yeah welcome to the mystery
welcome to the mystery last one last one
got to give the devil is
due look at that look at that okay just
for a second while my blindness goes
away please just for a second look at
this
wait we're talking about the death of
souls what happens it brings the soul a
disease says the text on the at the very
end of the previous page and now and
what happens it's really the death of
souls because he says because sexual
desire is that tool of the enemy that is
used against the
faithful right and it has imer emerg
from the darkness and it returns to the
darkness why because it makes
war with those who walk in the light and
from this sexual desire
comes
your rulership of
greed okay okay listen to it people
listen to it isn't that gorgeous do you
realize what what is what have all of
these sources brought us they have
brought us evidence that the first
Christian cult is a sex cult that you
can't have a Christ you can't have a
Eucharist you can't have any sort of
mystery
operation unless you come through the
sex that Jesus was teach teaching his
own
students right we've watched him put his
hands aggressively on the parts of
children's bodies and praise those parts
we've seen the people saying stop doing
that to Children we've seen the mob say
crucify him instead of a murder we see
him yelling out uh I'm not one of these
traffickers you know don't look around
I'm in a public park at 4:00 a.m. with
naked children but uh I'm not one of
these traffickers oh and they're drugged
by the way right there's only one naked
one but the rest of them are drugged
too
fantastic nice World you've got I just W
to I just want to stop there and I just
want to say to everybody to everybody
who
pretends who's working for the
broel this is your
punishment Hil the sake Venom in the pl
my Blue Lady of the Lake fly this way P
by
dragons
chanting singing with The Muse in the
blizzard of bars we can get a light
Cruiser from the canteena
bar G Bringers root
Cutters H C diesel truckers chickadilla
from
amazia all about it on a
Mia diesel haing pills you on them she
eats them babies donut assassin black
goo got some on you Wicked crap the
arrows FLW
amazona
phia purple drugs in the eyes Jesus
Christ you might your eyes she me
science
you might have joks in your eyes She
Blinded Me With
Science you might have jok in your eyes
She Blinded Me
science you might have jokes in your
eyes Sheed me science